SpecTa Education PIK - Google Reviews (4.9 stars, 74 reviews)

1. Jocelyn Lim (3 months ago, 5 stars) - "I've had the most lovely experience with the team at SpecTa Education! Ms. Fitri has been very supportive this whole time and helped me through the whole process of applying for college at UTS and for my Australian student visa without any problems. I also took my IELTS test here and SpecTa was very helpful in providing guides about what to prepare for when studying! I would like to thank the whole agency and especially Ms. Fitri who has always been amazing and very helpful even after enrollment into my college! I highly recommend this agency if you're looking to study abroad."

2. Lubianto Kho (5 months ago, 5 stars) - "I had a wonderful experience with SpecTa Education for my IELTS preparation. The environment is superb, supportive, and fun. My teacher, Ms Yunita, has been nothing but encouraging throughout my learning journey, always providing..."

3. Iesha S (5 months ago, 5 stars) - "SpecTa has been very helpful throughout my university and visa application process. Through their help, I was able to gain admission to UQ and acquire my Australian student visa. Their team was friendly, informative, and always responded quickly to my questions. They guided me through the entire process, from document preparation until the application submission and made sure that nothing was missed. Thanks SpecTa! I highly recommend."

4. Rachel Tantri (9 months ago, 5 stars) - "I came to SpecTa completely clueless about uni applications. Within a short amount of time, they immediately put me on the right track and got my applications through. I had so many questions and I was so lost but they were so patient with..."

5. Marjono Suwandi (4 months ago, 5 stars) - "I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude for your exceptional support in helping my daughter secure her admission to the University of Queensland, Australia. Specta has proven to be a highly professional agency, guiding us through..."

6. Alicia Mikhaela (11 months ago, 5 stars) - "I had a really smooth journey ever since I am with specta. All of the staffs and consultants are really sincere in helping us to pursue our study journey. They are really helpful, knowledgeable and reliable! From my IELTS to my Taylors..."

7. Amada (5 months ago, 5 stars) - "best agency ever!! i didn't even know where i wanted to study when i first visited specta, n now here i am studying in china at xjtlu + a scholarship. they guided me from nothing to everything. preparation juga okay bgt. all of the teachers are so nice and supportive. that's one thing yg nggak semua agency bs ada sih. top 10/10"

8. nessa. (4 months ago, 5 stars) - "My experience with Specta made my university application process incredibly easy, even while I was in the middle of my exams. They helped me apply to multiple universities, secure several offer letters, and even find alternatives when I..."

9. jennifer aileen (4 months ago, 5 stars) - "SpecTa is a really helpful education consultant for students who needs a lot of information about studying abroad. The agent a.k.a Ms Fitri was very helpful & informative, which made me & my parents very satisfied with her services."

10. Evangeline Sitanaya (5 months ago, 5 stars) - "I had such a great experience at Specta PIK's IELTS learning centre. The teachers and staff are really friendly, and that made the whole learning process so much more enjoyable. The place itself is also very comfortable and convenient..."
